Debian chromium 10.1 update (#73)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/debian/Demo_User_Guides/Chromium_Browser.rst

Overview
********

On TI devices with IMG Rogue class GPUs, the Chromium browser (available from https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/)
is accelerated using OpenGLES.

The version of Chromium that is built can be obtained with the following command:

.. code-block:: console

    root@am62xx-evm:~# chromium -version
    Chromium 130.0.6723.116 built on Debian GNU/Linux trixie/sid

> The version of Chromium shown here is the one with which GPU acceleration is verified to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above version of Chromium has been verified to support GPU acceleration.
```

   ``--no-sandbox`` option is required only when running as root user.

The following is assuming that you are logged in as the root user. The syntax of the command is as follows:

.. code-block:: console

    $ /usr/bin/chromium [url] --use-gl=angle --ozone-platform=wayland --no-sandbox [options]

For example, the following command opens www.ti.com in a windowed browser on the Weston desktop.

.. code-block:: console

    $ chromium https://www.ti.com --use-gl=angle --ozone-platform=wayland --no-sandbox

> The following command opens the aquarium 3D benchmark in a fullscreen window on the Weston desktop. This benchmark

Reviewer 2: Nitpick,

Better to keep "**provided you have network connectivity to the internet from the TI platform**" phrase intact.

uses WebGL/Javascript, and renders an animation of fish swimming in a fish bowl, using the 3D GPU.

.. code-block:: console

    $ chromium https://webglsamples.org/aquarium/aquarium.html --use-gl=angle --ozone-platform=wayland --no-sandbox --start-fullscreen

The :console:`--start-fullscreen` switch makes the Chromium browser consume the entire screen, including the Weston menu bar.

***********************
Graphics Feature Status
***********************

> To see the GPU features in use, enter :code:`chrome://gpu` into the Chromium URL/Navigation bar. This renders a web-page
> with this information. The example below shows what is enabled/disabled when GPU acceleration is working correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the GPU features in use, enter :code:`chrome://gpu` into the Chromium URL/Navigation bar. The example below shows what is enabled/disabled when GPU acceleration is working correctly:
```

    *   WebNN: Disabled

If, for some reason, you suspect that the GPU is rendering something incorrectly, you can run Chromium with the GPU disabled
using the :console:`--disable-gpu` flag:

.. code-block:: console

    $ chromium https://webglsamples.org/aquarium/aquarium.html --start-fullscreen --disable-gpu

> To get raw performance numbers from the GPU, you may want to disable frame sync locking in Chromium. This will tell Chromium to never wait for VSYNC and render as fast as the GPU can. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get raw performance numbers from the GPU, you may want to disable frame sync locking in Chromium. This will tell Chromium to never wait for VSYNC and render as fast as the GPU can.
```

Performance of WebGL Aquarium
=============================

> Standard WebGL benchmarks available at https://webglsamples.org/aquarium/aquarium.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard WebGL benchmarks are available at https://webglsamples.org/aquarium/aquarium.html
```
